hey it's lady here and I just wanted to
show you my athlete a bit day yes this
is it it's these old Navy jeans their
skinny jeans size tending kids black um
I just really like them because they're
slim and soft and comfy and cozy and
look too sexy and then this is night
like I'm leaving this cute little other
tank that I got from Old Navy and yeah
it's lace at the top in the bottom and
it has this leopard design and it's
built in with a bra this is an OMG shirt
I'm really not sure when I got this I
think I got out like JC Penney or
something
oMG and it's got like glitter hearts and
stuff and I'm wearing this mascara
Maybelline New York looks like dad and
this lipstick it looks like this came
off and so no so I just wanted to tell
you a little bit about my vid
it's a breathe out and I went asking to
do today but way so yeah it's this
really cute green bow the reason I'm
wearing it it's because if you've heard
there was something that happened in
Newtown Connecticut it was the death of
26 people
28 were kindergarteners and 6 for
teachers one of them was the principal
and the vice-principal and I think the
killer killed his own mom and all the
classmates in there and he killed
himself so that he wouldn't be like in
the whole business and going to court in
jail and stuff but here's a photo that
my friend Chris Murphy posted it's very
sad and I'll read you the thing that he
wrote underneath it it said that
place in Newtown Connecticut was
terrible incident children innocent
children were killed on school on a
normal Friday many were dreaming of
their presence they could have gotten on
Christmas many families lost their
children many lost their friends my
brother made sure to tell me that he
loved me after school today because he
moved by that he was moved by the event
that happened today pray for the people
in Newtown Connecticut and pray that
something like this will never happen
again I just thought that I was very
touching and yeah that's my sister's
birthday and yeah he's just like nice
and he cares about people and yeah he
just read that touching and then today
he told him a few minutes ago that he
loved him back because he didn't say
that on the Friday that it happened
I forget what day it was there's some
time in this December and actually it's
very bad oh by the way I've heard a
thing that at one o'clock we're gonna
have a blackout 1 o'clock a.m. in the
morning tomorrow
and there's gonna be a blackout for
three days I'm not sure if that's sure
enough I'm just sleeping next to a
flashlight just in case I'm just wanting
you and that's it you don't have to do
that I think it might be a little crazy
but yeah and this is Livi here and
that's your outfit of the day and story
about my ribbon see ya